---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /getting-started
---

#title
Senior Laravel/VueJS Engineer

#description
**Results-oriented** Software Developer with 20 years of experience across the full software development lifecycle. Proven leadership in both agency and SaaS startup environments. Foster a collaborative and growth-oriented work ethic, with a passion for mentoring and knowledge sharing. Highly organised and analytical, with a demonstrated ability to quickly learn and adapt to new technologies.

#extra
  ::list
  - Software and product development: **20 years**
  - MySQL: **15 years**
  - Object-Oriented languages: **15 years**
  - Laravel/VueJS: **10 years** *(experience with Symfony and Zend, React, TypeScript)*
  - NoSQL: **5 years** *(ElasticSearch, MongoDB, Redis)*
  - DevOps: **10 years** *(AWS, DigitalOcean and Google Cloud, Docker and Terraform)*
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - npx nuxi@latest init -t themes/docus
  - cd docs
  - npm install
  - npm run dev
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
My experiences

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=tabler:api}
  #title
  API design
  #description
  I have extensive experience in API design, microservices and SPAs.
  ::

  ::card{icon=carbon:load-balancer-vpc}
  #title
  High Scalability
  #description
  I managed the development and integration for high-load scalable systems and large-scale, high-traffic environments.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:database-heart}
  #title
  Database performance tuning
  #description
  Proven expertise with database performance tuning and data retrieval and storage optimization.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:brand-aws}
  #title
  AWS products
  #description
  10+ years working with various AWS products (S3, EC2, EBS, Lambda, RDS and Aurora, SQS, SES).
  ::

  ::card{icon=mdi:github}
  #title
  Continuous integration
  #description
  FIrm believer of continuous integration approaches, automated testing and deployment, code style checking, automated load testing.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:brand-sentry}
  #title
  Error/performance monitoring
  #description
  Implemented error and performance monitoring solutions to maintain system reliability and performance.
  ::
::
